chore: Update readme (#11)
qctrl/devops-challenge: .github/README.md

# Q-CTRL DevOps Challenge

> The Q-CTRL DevOps Challenge is a way for applicants to apply for roles within the Q-CTRL DevOps Engineering team and demonstrate their overall approach to creating solutions from a variety of requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Q-CTRL DevOps Challenge is a way for applicants applying for a role within the Q-CTRL DevOps Engineering team to demonstrate their overall approach to creating solutions from a variety of requirements.
```
Thoughts? I think it's not a way to 'apply for' roles, that's through the job portal etc.

Author: Yep, I like this much better!
